docs: update source installation (#369)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/installation/autoware/source-installation.md

sudo apt-get -y install git
```

!!! note

>     If you wish to use ROS 2 Galactic on Ubuntu 20.04, refer to installation instruction from [galactic](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/galactic/installation/autoware/source-installation/) branch, but be aware that Galactic version of Autoware might not have latest features.

Reviewer: I think these refactor-like changes should be done in another pull request.

Author: okay. I will revert this change. :+1:

Author: https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/369/commits/0708589875b532b8db3af2e7f45fcc474f7410d7

   cd autoware
   ```

> 2. You can install the dependencies automatically using the provided Ansible script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. If you are newly installing Autwoare, you can install the dependencies automatically using the provided Ansible script
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion. I merged this.

> 2. If you are newly installing Autoware, you can install the dependencies automatically using the provided Ansible script

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. If you are installing Autoware for the first time, you can automatically install the dependencies by using the provided Ansible script.
```

Author: :+1:

   ```bash
   ./setup-dev-env.sh
   ```

>    If there is any build issue, refer to [Troubleshooting](../../support/troubleshooting.md#build-issues).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   If you encounter any build issues, please consult the [Troubleshooting](../../support/troubleshooting.md#build-issues) section for assistance.
```

!!! info

>     Before installing NVIDIA libraries, confirm and agree with the licenses.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Before installing NVIDIA libraries, please ensure that you have reviewed and agreed to the licenses.
```

    - [CUDA](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/eula/index.html)
    - [cuDNN](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/cudnn/sla/index.html)
    - [TensorRT](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/tensorrt/sla/index.html)

> !!! note

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Installing dependencies manually
```

Reviewer 3: Yeah, we can merge it, let's try with your suggestion first.

>     The following will be automatically installed. If the ansible script doesn't work or you want to install any version, please install the following manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The following will be automatically installed. If the ansible script doesn't work or if you already have different versions of dependent libraries installed, please install the following manually.
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion. I merged this.

>     The following will be automatically installed. If the ansible script doesn't work or if you already have different versions of dependent libraries installed, please install the following manually.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    The following items will be automatically installed. If the ansible script doesn't work or if you already have different versions of dependent libraries installed, please install the following items manually.
```
